guy you know him as Dan Thomas the
beverage manager over there if NEC
springboards you know fake good morning
to you sir okay we're here today because
Labor Day right around the corner maybe
having some parties you want some nice
drinks to end the summer welcome in the
fall but you have a baking dish here
which you know usually I don't think of
baking dishes you got that too Sean we
have a baking dish how are we gonna make
drinks in a baking dish we're gonna make
a frozen slushy I'm not a big fan of
putting ice in a blender because yeah
after 5-10 minutes you got a
watered-down cocktail so what we have
here is fresh juices we have lemonade
cranberry juice pineapple juice and
orange juice so if you'd like to put
that in Iowa this is very exciting and
there's we do two different versions
here if you want a grownup version we're
going to put some vodka in there and
it's a for every four ounces of juice
we're going to do one ounce of liquor
and if you want to make it kid friendly
it's four ounces of juice and 1.5 ounces
of spike so each of these glasses is
four ounces you'd say it's a quick way
to measure it on TV so understand but it
does the same thing so at this point
you're either going to do the vodka or
the sprite all right boy if I had that
much vodka i might think about fighting
you look I'll actually need that much
you would maybe both bottom right at
this point going to put it in your
freezer but every are you going to go in
there with your fork you're going to
fluff it up a little bit put a lid on it
overnight go back in the next day keep
scraping it up and the finished product
I don't know what we're going hurry how
long you said every hour about how many
times you have to go in and fluff oh are
you leaving overnight you can actually
just leave it overnight go in the next
day and you get a nice cocktail now is
this one with booze or without booze
this is what booze probably can't drink
that probably not know that I'm sure it
tastes very very good next one real
quick really awesome yes next one real
quick fresh fruits pineapple
strawberries and blueberries you can
either get them frozen at the store all
right break the bag open layer it just
like we just talked about or you want to
take a little extra time do it
fresh put this in the fusion jar if
you'd like to crack that one open yes
sir oh I'm messing around here at six
twenty and thirty twenty more dark that
in are dumping in this one dump it in
this one Wow top it off for me put this
on your kitchen counter for two days let
the fruit explode then put it in your
refrigerator and this is the end result
I call it grown-up kool-aid unjustly
this is vodka and this is a Stella anger
dream right it will the fruit will
explode in there and make it all happy
and nice and good this is the finished
product it's very refreshing there any
other little spigot little spigot twist
and turn all right now Stella anger uses
this on me every morning here at KPS few
locals yeah we got that so I just put
that in there I got this from a no
you're gonna you're gonna squirt your
hoe co-host over there well I'm gonna
swear my sis gonna put your eye out here
in a minute I've got this from this
whole the nineteen seventy one song lime
in my coconut a little wrong little
coconut rum and you get you up good to
go two ounces I towards a little shy boy
ya light drink very there you go quick
easy fun cocktails at home dan thank you
so very much you want to give you a
reminder if you're going to enjoy these
alcoholic beverages please be
responsible and do not drink and drive
be very very careful out there this
weekend alright people up and down the
East Coast are trying to be careful they
keep in a close up
you